Documentation: Fixed the main README file (#1861)
aws/glide-for-redis: README.md

# Valkey GLIDE

> Valkey General Language Independent Driver for the Enterprise (GLIDE), is an AWS-sponsored, open-source Valkey client that includes support for open-source Redis 6.2 to 7.2. Valkey GLIDE works with any distribution that adheres to the Redis Serialization Protocol (RESP) specification. Strategic, mission-critical applications have requirements for security, optimized performance, minimal downtime, and observability. Valkey GLIDE is designed to provide a client experience that helps meet these objectives. It comes pre-configured with best practices learned from over a decade of operating RESP-compatible services. To help ensure consistency in development and operations, Valkey GLIDE is implemented using a core driver framework, written in Rust, with extensions available for each supported programming language. This design ensures that updates easily propagate to each language and reduces overall complexity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valkey General Language Independent Driver for the Enterprise (GLIDE) is an open-source Valkey client that includes support for open-source Valkey and Redis servers. Valkey GLIDE works with any distribution that adheres to the Redis Serialization Protocol (RESP) specification. Strategic, mission-critical applications have requirements for security, optimized performance, minimal downtime, and observability. Valkey GLIDE is designed to provide a client experience that helps meet these objectives. Sponsored and supported by AWS, it comes pre-configured with best practices learned from over a decade of operating RESP-compatible services. To help ensure consistency in development and operations, Valkey GLIDE is implemented using a core driver framework, written in Rust, with binding available for a wide range of popular programming languages. This design ensures that updates easily propagate to each language and reduces overall complexity.
```

Reviewer 2: This part should be discussed with Mickey and we should copy it from the blog

## Supported Engine Versions
Valkey GLIDE is API-compatible with the following engine versions:

> | Engine Type        | Version |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Engine Type       | 6.2 | 7.0 | 7.2 |
|-----------------------|------|------|------|
| Valkey                |  V   |  V   |  V  |
| Redis                 |  V   |  V   |  V  |
```
